ki ke 12:2 ki ki and he's gone Mongo
best call of the day I'm calling it
right now tweet that shit Mongo best
caller of the day this is all from the
movie yeah The Shining exactly yeah okay
well yeah you leave off like that aim
that's brilliant
but we might have another one coming in
oh man let's see how to Scott in DC
Scott what evening
what happening hey Scott
perhaps Bonnie should be caught of
Kristin Orlando Chris morning boys good
morning to the dentist let's see how the
goose
ya know how to do a call what else is
going on rich retard retard a retarded
comic Oh
Dan's got one dance yo God dang
hey doing hey my favorite scenes in the
movie was one bosses filled up the
hallways
let's go to Sonny Forelli Sonny yes your
to money no hey it's you can rent it
really get it from my Netflix or
something Greg sometimes you hear my
grandmother would have entire
conversations without ever using our
brains
Chris Chris yeah this is dick Halloran I
gotta get back to the very funny I know
my daughters didn't like my teeth
matches okay I wish I'd somewhere let's
say hi to Chris Chris hey this guy
wanted me to watch this hotel until my
family now I'm joshing them
we got canned fruits and vegetables
canned fish and meats trees Drive
electrical wire
cigars and scotch see yes what do you
got buddy month seven days and two weeks
of sobriety without a drink in my Larry
between you and me we got a serious
problem with the people taking care of
this place they turned out to be
complete unfunny can't fuckin stop can't
believe you haven't seen that